sir cars radios
anymore keep it in all right you can do
the lecture you want to pop new life
so we go around every year to the grade
threes and we talk about fire safety
late at night water bids sleeping in the
for me laughs our life fires day
to practice some things like the turkey
I'm not going to give you the half hour
lecture and it's going to break right
down today what I want you to take away
from this is two very important things
in a far
kpr you're almost there you almost get
all the good points hi so for us
your folks first one is the most
important thing is to come home tonight
from a passenger
our smoke alarms here you're going to
hear us both where I'm going and you can
hear the noise
make sure here's when I go and inspect
buildings I find that 90% of the
buildings everyone to respect especially
people like that there's no clock
doesn't work
so it's very scary for me
in 2007 I love you people in the crops
and run to die there's other fires made
of those who smoke are watching one
so hi
which one farm works that you have food
chances /
so smoke alarm works as most important
name the second most important thing
just to supporting is to sleep with your
bedroom door closed all the way all the
time
move sleeps with the door closed already
Sabir you are both dry tonight I'm gonna
start I'm gonna show you why you guys
when you sleep with your door closed and
I'm gonna pretend that there's a fire
way down the other end of the door
closed what it does is it keeps all the
smoke up it gives you a chance to
survive a fire is in a fire the smoke is
really hard for people to smoke those in
your nose in your lungs and put you into
a deeper sleep
we're statistics on that fire is fire
related deaths more than four to five
times as smoke inhalation
yeah if I'm not good actually you're
fired so by yourself that doesn't really
hurt me please
it's just wrong
so I'm pretending right now there's a
fire way down the other of the house I'm
putting extra small into that room just
an extra smoke in this room
PLC and smoke to turn
I'm great in your quality that smoke
won't show the house very quickly in a
real fire crawl under this ball is
better breathing air down low to landing
open the window put the fire escape
ladder out to when I climbed down the
fire escape ladder
second was up there
all right so we have some really good
fire safety folks here
these have a DVD
a lot of good fire singing Frank
we also have as part of this whole
scenario I believe you should have a
meeting place outside so you should have
a car safe to play you can make the fire
safety plan with this explains how to
make one if you knock then you can draw
your bedroom your house
there's racers here
you can pick an eraser if you'd like
there's people on for Burger King
yeah
pick an erasure if you like this back to
the source Pickers
a big blunder a little wine that's
Frankie there's a Snickers define a
sticker if you want
thank you
no I don't you get that a couple each go
fired yeah neighborhood fire victims
were on fire